Hello gentlemen, my name is Mati. I've been a market maker for seven years making more than 30 million euro for a large investment bank and now I'm running my own hedge fund where I auto tomate every single one of my trading strategies. on the side. I'm trying to kick off this YouTube channel as a part of a bigger project properly educate retail traders beyond the misinformation you find online. So, I would really appreciate if you follow along and you drop a random word in the comments to make me and algorithm very happy. Let's kick off. One of the biggest piece of misinformation that I see online is that strategies based on order flow cannot be automated. And let's make this point immediately clear. Order flow is by definition data. Anything based on data can be translated into code. And if you translate it into code, you can automate it. Let's take the concept of volume delta as an example. Here on trading view I open the 1 hour chart of ENQ the NASDAQ 100 futures and each bubble shows the imbalance between aggressive buyers and aggressive sellers. The size represent the strength and the color shows the direction. Red if you are in the presence of aggressive sellers and green if you are in the presence of aggressive buyers. Just looking at this, you get the feeling of what's going on, but you can extract much more information under the surface. If you're not quantifying it, testing it, and building specific rules around it, you're not trading the volume delta like a professional would. Let's give a definition of volume delta. The volume delta is the net difference between contracts traded at the ask and at the bid and it is a live measure of aggressive market behavior. In any single market you have a bid and an ask. The bid is the price at which the market maker or anyone with a resting order in the market is willing to buy at. The ask is the price at which they're willing to sell for. Since the delta is the difference between the contracts traded at the ask and at the bid. A positive delta means that more buyers are crossing the spread willing to pay whatever price the market maker is asking for. A negative delta on the other hand means that more sellers are hitting the bid. So there is a larger selling pressure. Usually the delta follows the price. When the delta is positive, the price goes up. When the delta is negative, the price goes down. But when this behavior is not met, there is often something interesting. If the price goes up, but the delta weakens or turns negative, we have what is defined as buyer exhaustion. And when the price falls but the delta stays strong or even better it turns positive we have what is defined as seller exhaustion. When this happens this delta dislocation between the direction of the price and the direction of the delta. It might be a precursor of a reversal just like it happened here or up here. And it feels intuitive when you visualize it. But you cannot just trade it with your eyes. You need data. And to work with data, we're going to jump into multi charts. One of the most powerful trading tools available to retail traders. In multi charts, let's open a new workspace and let's load the past six years of ENQ data, the NASDAQ 100 futures. Here I wrote a code which visualize exactly the same thing as we have seen in trading view yet we have 100% the control over it. Applying the code to the chart we see the same representation we had on trading view but now with the actual delta values. In the study settings, you can set the delta threshold. And in this way, the higher you set it, the more you filter. So you only see the strongest buying and selling events. Now that we visualize it, we can define our trading rules and translate them into code. And let's keep them intentionally very simple just to make the example clear. And the step is going to be a positive delta dislocation at a key level. We're going to open a long position if the price is above the previous session high. The last hour candle is negative. So the price went down over the past hour, but the volume delta in that specific hour is positive. meaning that the aggressive buyers are stepping in. On top of that, we're going to require a minimum threshold for our delta of 500. That's it. These are the rules of our trading strategy. If all these four conditions are met, we go long. For exit, we keep it equally simple. Just an arbitrary take profit and stop-loss of $10,000. And if neither the stop-loss nor the takerit gets hit, we will close the position at the end of the trading session. So as a complete mechanical strategy, our entry is going to be a positive delta dislocation with the price above the previous session high and a delta larger or equal to 500. As an exit, we have the takerit, the stop-loss or an exit at the end of day. No opinions, no guessing, just clean rulebased execution. And what we do, we translate all these rules into a piece of code. And once we have this piece of code, we apply it to our chart. As expected, we do get a long position exactly after the delta dislocation that we pointed out before. And given the fact that we applied this strategy to this chart, we have all the trades over the past six years, trades that met that exact entry condition. Looking at the results of this big test, we can already see a positive drift in the equity curve, we see that we win 61.3% of the trades with a nice average trade win of $1,183 with the winners more than compensating our losing trades over this six years period. Now notice something important in our code and for our big test. We picked the delta threshold, the profit target and the stop loss completely arbitrarily. To follow a proper process, you should split your data between out of sample and in sample. Optimize the strategy in sample to find the parameters that maximize your performance and then validate the parameters that you have found out of sample to minimize the risk of overfeitting. And once you have done that, you might find a combination which is robust that it does give you a better net profit. And on top of that, it gives you a better and more robust equity curve. And once you have done all of these, you found a good strategy that is ready to trade live on your behalf. All you have to do is to connect your multi charts to your brokerage or prop firm account. Click one button and enable the automated execution. Now the computer is going to trade for me. And this is a very simple example on how you can automate a strategy based on order flow. So to answer the question to this video, yes, you can automate order flow strategies and you should. And what we covered today is just scratching the surface. There is a lot more you can do with this. And if you found this interesting, please follow the channel and leave a comment because there is much more to come.