Hello gentlemen, my name is Mati. I've been a market maker for seven years making more than 30 million euro for a large investment bank and now I run my own hedge fund where I automate every single one of my trading strategies. On the side, I'm trying to kick off this YouTube channel as part of a bigger project properly educate retail traders beyond the misinformations you find online. So I would really appreciate if you follow along and if you drop a random word in the comments to make both me and algorithm very happy. Let's ride. Many of you ask me in the comments for suggestions to code extremely complicated trading strategies. And listen, it is cool that you are curious. It is cool that you are ambitious. But here is the problem. Most of you are building your first automated trading strategy and you have hardcoded in your brains that the more complex it is, the better it must perform. I really need you to understand something. In trading, this is simply not true. Actually, the reality is often the opposite. A lot of retail trading gurus push for insane level of complexity because they have no idea of what they're doing. Complexity hides ignorance and it gives them insurance. If they sell you a $3,000 course and you don't make money, they can blame you for not applying all the 20 confluences in the right order. It's not educational. just fraud disguised as sophistication. The same applies if you're still at university. Often there is this bias that complexity equals intelligence. Some of you are students and I get it. I was the same. Academia teaches you that if it is complex, it must be smarter, more advanced, hence more profitable. But in trading, complexity usually cost you money. The more moving parts, the more places your strategy can break. And when you start building predictive narrow networks without understanding the underlying logics, you have no idea if the model is suggesting something meaningful or complete nonsense. I need you to step back and imprint this in your mind. You are a good trader when a simple well ststructured strategy can make you money consistently. That's where the real skill lives. The benefit of keeping it simple. It's easy to develop. You understand every logic behind it. You can verify that the execution matches your rules. You instantly know when your strategy stops working. Debugging is easy and optimization becomes meaningful instead of random. Your goal should always be the best P&amp;L, the lowest draw down and the smoothest equity curve with the least possible amount of complexity. Back in the 80s, a trader named Richard Dennis created one of the most famous and successful trading experiment. He trained a group of complete beginners named the tartal traders and taught them one of the simplest trend following strategies ever built. As a result, he ended up making hundreds of millions. And here is the strategy. If the price is above the 200 period moving average, look for long trades. If the price is below the 200 period moving average, look for shorts. Enter when the price breaks the previous 40 bars, high or low. And as an exit condition, use a two times ATR stop-loss. And that's it. This thing made them millions. I coded this exactly trading strategy in a piece of code for multi- charts putting a risk as my position sizing 2% of the account for each trade encoding my entry condition based on the 200 period simple moving average long when it's above and short when it is below and a stop loss purely based on the ATR the average true range a proxy for the volatility of the instrument. In this way, I can apply this strategy on a 60-minute charts, which is the time frame the richer than is used. And as an instrument, I decided to use ENQ. So, the NASDAQ 100 mini contracts futures. The question is, how can you get a code like this? Simply do a quick research on the internet, find the rules that they follow and ask JGPT or code to translate them into code. You have access to one of the most powerful tool ever created. Use it. Let's have a look at the result of this back test. Just looking at the equity curve, is it a perfect strategy? Not at all. There are draw downs that I consider large. There are periods where for a couple of years nothing really happened. Yet the equity curve it is surprising. There is a positive drift. It looks like there is consistency in this strategy and the strategy is simple enough that we can validate if it is doing what it is supposed to do as a breakout system. This strategy when it loses loses a little bit and when it wins it wins big and this is in line with the characteristic of a breakout system that can work in the long run but we don't rely on what we can see. We always use data looking at the stats. This strategy is profitable around 30% of the time. But we have an average winning trade of $4,850 versus an average losing trade of $1,700. So, we are in the right direction. And this is a good starting point to build your own trading strategy. Note based on something 100% inspired by free material found on the internet. This should help you to start changing the way you think about the whole trading process. Don't try to code the 12 layers multi-regime volatility adjusted hyper optimized system on day one. Instead, find a strategy based on academic papers. Quote the simplest possible version. a clear entry with one or two conditions and a simple takerit and stop-loss set in dollar amounts. Back test it and if the equity curve looks promising, it has this positive drift, add degrees of complexity. If it doesn't, throw it away and test the next one. On top of that, test the same strategy across different instruments because a strategy that fails on futures on the S&amp;P 500, it might work beautifully on gold or oil or single stocks. And that's how you build your portfolio of trading strategies. As a final message, you now have access to tools like JPT, Clo, Deepseek, Gemini that let you test hundreds of idea fast. Use it to explore many simple ideas, not to get stuck trying to code an insanely complex one. Focus on a clear entry, a clear exit, and simple sizing. The goal is to master simplicity. Then add complexity with intention, and that's how real traders evolve. As always, if you found this interesting, please follow the channel and leave a comment that there is much more to come.